These Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) apply to your access to, and use of, certain materials made available to you within Webtrends’ GitHub Inc. account. In addition to these Terms of Use, other terms and conditions apply as follows: 

1.  As between you and GitHub Inc., the GitHub Inc. website terms of use apply to your use of the GitHub Inc. website: https://help.github.com/articles/github-terms-of-service

2.	As between you and Webtrends, (i) these Terms apply to your access to and use of materials made available to you via Webtrends space within GitHub Inc.’s website, (ii) the Webtrends Privacy Statement applies to Webtrends’ privacy practices, including our collection and use of information received through Webtrends’ GitHub space, it does not apply to GitHub’s any practice by  GitHub (please review GitHub’s privacy policy for their practices): http://webtrends.com/privacy-statement/, and (iii) Webtrends Terms of Use applies to your use of Webtrends’ GitHub space, in addition to these Terms: http://webtrends.com/terms-of-use/; provided that, these Terms will supersede any conflicting terms contained in the webtrends.com Terms of Use.

 BY ACCESSING, VIEWING, REGISTERING, DOWNLOADING, UPLOADING OR USING THE MATERIALS, CONTENT, APPLICATION, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES THROUGH OUR GITHUB SPACE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS, INCLUDING THE ABOVE REFERENCED AGREEMENTS, AND YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE ALL AUTHORITY NECESSARY TO BIND YOURSELF (AND, IF YOU ARE EMPLOYED BY OR OTHERWISE REPRESENT ANY CORPORATION OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU BIND THAT ENTITY) TO THESE TERMS. 

If you do not agree to the Terms, including all of the above referenced terms, or do not have the required authority, then you may not use GitHub and you should exit immediately.

1.	DEFINITIONS. The following definitions apply in these Terms:

“Application(s)” means any software, application, tool, sample code, code (in object or source code form) and instructions, Beta Product (defined below) API, related documentation, data, content and services available by Webtrends through GitHub.

“Beta Product” means certain Applications which are still under beta testing and which we allow you to for access or use in object code form. 

 “Credential(s)” means the unique identifier issued to you that gives you access to the Applications.

“Developer Product” means either (i) in your case, any application, product or service developed by you that is based upon, incorporates, references or interacts with any Application, Webtrends products, service or data collected by such products or service; (ii) in the case of other users, any application, product or service developed by another user that is based upon, incorporates, references or interacts with any Application, Webtrends products, service or data collected by such products or service and which is made available within the GitHub Space by such other user.

“GitHub Space” for the purpose of these Terms only, means the Webtrends interactive online space within the GitHub Inc. platform, made available to you in order to upload and /or download, or otherwise access Applications, services and software products provided by Webtrends or Submissions or Developer Products provided by other users.

“Submissions” means either, (i) in your case, the content, materials, comments, postings to forums and message boards, suggestions, ideas, complaints, feedback, or any other content or materials provided by you within the GitHub Space; or (ii) in the case of other users, the content, materials, comments, postings to forums and message boards, suggestions, ideas, complaints, feedback or any other content or materials other users provide within the GitHub Space.

“We”, “us”, “our” or “Webtrends” means Webtrends, Inc. and its subsidiaries or corporate affiliates.

"You” and “your” means both you and such person or entity on whose behalf you act, if any.
 
2.  TERMS AND USAGE RULES. We may modify these Terms at any time and without prior notice to you. You shall assume all responsibility for reviewing these Terms periodically, as posted on our GitHub Space, so that you will be apprised of any changes. If you continue to use our GitHub Space or any Application available through the GitHub Space after we post or provide notice about changes to these Terms, you are signifying your acceptance of the new terms. If you disagree with any changes to these Terms, you must discontinue your use of the GitHub Space and all rights and licenses granted to you under these Terms terminate immediately. We may change, suspend, or discontinue all or any aspect of our GitHub Space and/or any Application including without limitation, any fees charged, its availability, at any time, with or without prior notice.
 
3. REGISTRATION. We may require that you register with us or through one of our affiliates to gain access to certain features and services of the GitHub Space, or to obtain an Application or Credential. You must provide accurate identification, contact, and other information required as part of the registration process. You may not create any script or other automated tool that attempts to create multiple accounts. We may in our sole discretion reject any registration for any reason. You are solely and entirely responsible for any access, viewing, download, upload or use of any Applications, Submissions or other user’s Developer Products on the GitHub Space under your registration or your Credential. Both the Webtrends and the GitHub Inc. privacy practices specified above apply to your registration; provided that Webtrends is not responsible or liable for any GitHub Inc. privacy practice.

4. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. Title, ownership rights, and intellectual property rights in the Applications and all other content, software, services and material offered on or through the GitHub Space by Webtrends, including without limitation, all Applications and Beta Products, shall remain in Webtrends, its licensors and/or other providers (“IP Rights”). The IP Rights are protected by copyright, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property laws and by international treaties. You shall not take any action to jeopardize, limit or interfere in any manner with these IP Rights. You acknowledge and agree that you obtain no intellectual property rights or licenses by these Terms except for those licenses expressly granted in these Terms. 
 
5. LICENSE. Subject to these Terms, we grant you: 

(i) a limited, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable right to use the GitHub Space solely for the limited purpose of furthering your development efforts and your ability to learn about or share information about the Applications and other Webtrends products and services. You may not sub-license or resell any right granted in these Terms to any other person or entity. You shall not distribute any Application, Beta Product or Developer Product in any manner. You shall not use the GitHub Space in a manner that exceeds the limitations set forth in these Terms. We and our licensors reserve all rights not expressly granted to you; and

(ii) in the case of Applications which consists of a data visualization template or code for a data visualization user interface (“UI”), or source code to connect any data visualization user interface to a Webtrends product or service (“Connector”), we grant you the limited, non-exclusive, revocable right to access, use, copy, modify or create derivatives of the UI and/or Connector solely in connection with the Webtrends product or service you have licensed under separate agreement with Webtrends. You will own all right, title and interest in and to any derivative work created by you under the foregoing license, specifically excluding the UI or Connector portion of your derivative. Should you choose to upload such derivative to the GitHub Space, or otherwise provide Webtrends with access to such derivative, then upon such action, you grant Webtrends and other users of the GitHub Space the perpetual, worldwide, royalty free, irrevocable license to access, use, copy, distribute, display, broadcast, perform, make derivatives of, reverse engineer or otherwise exploit your derivative for any purpose. Your derivative work shall be considered your Developer Product.

6. GENERAL RESTRICTIONS. You may not, or assist or allow others to:  (i) use the GitHub Space or Applications in any way that violates the terms of these Terms; (ii) violate the rights of others; (iii) facilitate the generation of SPIM, SPAM, or other bulk unsolicited communications; (iv) remove or alter any trademark, trade name, service mark, domain name, logo, copyright or other proprietary notices, legends, symbols or labels or any other distinctive brand feature; (v) encumber, sell, rent, lease, sublicense, or otherwise transfer rights to the Applications or Developer Products or Submissions of others; (vi) cause or enable the distribution of any viruses, Trojan horses, trap doors, back doors, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, adware, spyware or other computer programming routines designed or intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information; (vii) facilitate illegal or any other activity determined by us in our sole discretion and judgment to be an inappropriate use; (viii) mislead or attempt to mislead users; (ix) interfere with the rights of others to use the GitHub Space, Application or the Developer Products or Submissions of others; (x) use any Application or any aspect of the GitHub Space as a means to engage in conduct that reflects poorly upon, disparages or devalues Webtrends' reputation or goodwill, as determined in our sole discretion; or (xi) use the GitHub Space with any other content, materials, product or service that falsely expresses or implies that such content, content, materials, product or service is sponsored, endorsed or provided by Webtrends.  Webtrends reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to determine whether your use of the GitHub Space is in accordance with these Terms.
 
7. BETA TESTING. A Beta Product made available may be subject to terms of a separate license agreement, as well as any terms set forth herein. You agree that you will abide by all separate license terms if you download, access and/or use any Beta Product. If you do not agree, then do not download, access or use any Beta Product. If you choose to download, access and/or use any Beta Product, your participation and use of such Beta Product is subject to the following additional terms: (i) you understand that the overall design of the Beta Product could change, and Webtrends reserves the right to change or withdraw the Beta Product, discontinue the Beta Product license, or release the Beta Product as a final version at any time in its sole discretion; (ii) you agree to report all problems, issues, ideas, feedback and suggestions for the Beta Product (“Beta Test Results”) to Webtrends during your use of the Beta Product; (iii) you agree not to speak to the press (including Internet press, blogs, twitter or other communication channels) regarding the Beta Product, without our prior written consent; (iv) you hereby assign all right, title and interest in and to such Beta Test Results to us, and acknowledge that we will be entitled to use, implement and exploit such Beta Test Results in any manner without restriction and without any obligation of confidentiality, attribution or compensation or other duty to account; and (v) as a Beta Product is a pre-release, beta version, you are fully responsible for any and all damages that may result to any failure of the Beta Product. Beta Product is provided AS IS without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. 
 
8. SUBMISSIONS; FORUM POSTS. By posting, adding, uploading any Submission, you grant us and our licensors, suppliers, licensees and all other users of the GitHub Space a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license, with the right to sublicense, in any manner whatsoever, for no compensation, to (i) use, copy, distribute, publish, transcode, display, modify and otherwise create derivative works of your Submission; (ii) display advertising on or in close association with your Submission; and (iii) publish your name in connection with your Submission. If you do not agree to the foregoing license in your Submissions, you should not post or upload any Submissions on GitHub Space. For every Submission you make, you must have all rights necessary for you to grant the permissions in this Section, and by making a Submission you represent and warrant that you have all necessary rights to grant this permissions in this Section. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we shall not be obligated to take action based upon any Submission provided by you. 
 
In addition to all other restrictions set forth in these Terms, you shall not post or transmit through the Webtrends GitHub Space any Submission, or otherwise engage in any conduct that: (i) is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another's privacy, tortious, or contains explicit or graphic descriptions, or accounts of, sexual acts; (ii)  victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age or disability; (iii)  impersonates any person, business or entity, including Webtrends and its employees and agents; or (iv)  infringes or violates any intellectual property, privacy or other proprietary rights of any other party.
 
You understand and agree that Webtrends may be independently creating applications, content and other products or services (“Webtrends Development”) that may be similar to your Developer Product, and nothing in these Terms will be construed as restricting or preventing Webtrends in any way from creating and fully exploiting such Webtrends Development. You may from time-to-time elect, in your sole discretion, to provide suggestions, comments, improvements, ideas or other feedback or materials to us related to the Webtrends Development or any other Webtrends products or services (collectively, “Feedback”). Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary stated in these Terms, if you elect to provide us any such Feedback, you assign and agree to assign all right, title and interest in and to such Feedback to us, and acknowledge that we will be entitled to use, implement and exploit such Feedback in any manner without restriction and without any obligation of confidentiality, attribution or compensation or other duty to account. 
 
9. NO DUTY TO MONITOR. You agree that we are not liable for any Submissions provided by other users via the GitHub Space. We have no duty to pre-screen such Submissions, but we have the right to refuse to post or to edit any Submissions. We reserve the right to remove Submissions for any reason, but we are not responsible for any failure or delay in removing any Submissions.
 
10. COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT INFORMATION AND PROCEDURES. If you believe any Application, Developer Product or Submissions on our GitHub Space violates your copyright, you may send Webtrends a copyright infringement notice. If you believe we have mistakenly removed your Submissions or Developer Product due to a copyright infringement notice, you may send us a counter notification requesting that your Submissions be replaced. Senders who knowingly make material misrepresentations in an infringement notice or counter notice may be subject to liability. Infringement notices and counter notifications must be sent to:
 
Designated Agent for Notification of Claimed Copyright Infringement

Name: Suk Kim
Title: VP and General Counsel
Address: Webtrends Inc.
851 SW 6th Avenue, Suite 600
Portland, OR 97204

 If you are notifying us of alleged copyright infringement, please be sure to provide the following information in the form required by 17 USC Section 512:

1.	A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright you allege is being infringed;

2.	A description of the copyrighted work that you allege is being infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works;

3.	A description of the allegedly infringing material and information sufficient to permit us to locate the material;

4.	Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and/or an e-mail address;

5.	A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law; and

6.	A statement by you that the information in the notification is accurate and that you have the authority to enforce the copyrights that are claimed to be infringed.
 
Upon receipt of a copyright infringement notice meeting the terms of the previous paragraph, we will expeditiously remove or disable access to the allegedly infringing material, and take reasonable steps to promptly notify the subscriber that we have removed or disabled his or her material.

If you are sending us counter notification, please be sure to provide the following information in the form required by 17 USC Section 512:

1.	Your physical or electronic signature;

2.	Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;

3.	A statement that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled;

4.	Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and/or an e-mail address; and

5.	A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which the service provider may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification under subsection (c)(1)(C) or an agent of such person.
 
Upon receipt of a counter notification meeting the requirements of the previous paragraph, we will promptly forward the counter notification to the person who provided the copyright infringement notice. We will then replace the allegedly infringing material between 10 and 14 days after receipt of the counter notification unless the person who provided the infringement notice files an action seeking a court order to restrain the allegedly infringing activity.
 
12. THIRD PARTY SITES; ADVERTISERS. GitHub Space may include links to third party websites, including links provided as automated search results. Some of these sites may contain materials that are objectionable, unlawful, or inaccurate. These links do not mean that we endorse these third party sites or services. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible or liable for any content or other materials on these third party sites. Any dealings that you have with advertisers found on GitHub are between you and the advertiser and you acknowledge and agree that we are not liable for any loss or claim you may have against an advertiser.
 
13. YOUR REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. You warrant to us that: (i) you have the full legal power and authority to enter into these Terms; (ii) you own and/or have obtained the necessary legal rights to provide all content, materials, code and documentation contained in your Submissions or Developer Product including all intellectual property rights therein; (iii) you will abide by these Terms; and (iv) your use of GitHub Space, the Applications, and the Developer Products or Submissions of others (a) shall not be used in any commercially unreasonable manner; (b) shall not infringe any intellectual property rights of any third party including without limitation, any right of privacy, publicity, copyright, trademark, or patent; and (c) shall comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including without limitation, consumer protection, data security, and privacy laws.
 
14. RIGHT TO INVESTIGATE; RIGHT TO AUDIT. You understand and agree that we reserve the right to use whatever technical and legal remedies available to us to prevent abuses to GitHub Space and the Applications. We reserve the right to investigate or monitor in our own discretion, and by any means we deem appropriate, (i) your compliance with these Terms; or (ii) any activity or conduct that we believe violates the terms of these Terms. 
 
15. NON-ASSERT. In consideration of the licenses granted herein, and other consideration provided by us to you under these Terms, you covenant not to sue or otherwise assert any patent rights against us or any of our affiliates, suppliers or licensees for any alleged patent infringement during the term of these Terms by any product or service that uses any Application.
 
16. WEBTRENDS'S DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. THE GITHUB SPACE, APPLICATIONS, BETA PRODUCTS, AND ANY OTHER USER’S SUBMISSIONS OR DEVELOPER PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED WITH ALL FAULTS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. YOU ARE USING THE GITHUB SPACE, APPLICATIONS, BETA PRODUCTS AND OTHER USER’S SUBMISSIONS OR DEVELOPER PRODUCTS AT YOUR OWN RISK. WE, OUR LICENSORS AND OTHER PROVIDERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES THAT THE WEBTRENDS GITHUB SPACE, APPLICATIONS OR BETA PRODUCT ARE FREE OF DEFECTS, VIRUS FREE, OR ABLE TO OPERATE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED BASIS, THAT THE FUNCTIONALITY OF HE GITHUB SPACE, APPLICATIONS, BETA PRODUCTS AND ANY OTHER USER’S SUBMISSIONS OR DEVELOPER PRODUCTS WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT ERRORS IN HE GITHUB SPACE, APPLICATIONS, BETA PRODUCTS AND ANY OTHER USER’S SUBMISSIONS OR DEVELOPER PRODUCTS WILL BE CORRECTED. WE DISCLAIM THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES THAT THE GITHUB SPACE, APPLICATIONS, BETA PRODUCTS AND ANY OTHER USER’S SUBMISSIONS OR DEVELOPER PRODUCTS ARE MERCHANTABLE, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, ACCURATE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NEED, OR NON-INFRINGING, UNLESS SUCH IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LEGALLY INCAPABLE OF EXCLUSION. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY US OR OUR AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY OR IN ANY WAY INCREASE THE SCOPE OF ANY WARRANTY THAT CANNOT BE DISCLAIMED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. YOU BEAR THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THEIR QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE AND YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ANY SERVICE AND REPAIR. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS AGREEMENT.
 
17. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. WE, OUR LICENSORS AND PROVIDERS HAVE NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO YOUR USE OF HE GITHUB SPACE, APPLICATIONS, BETA PRODUCTS AND ANY OTHER USER’S SUBMISSIONS OR DEVELOPER PRODUCTS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL WE OR OUR PARENT, AFFILIATES, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, DISTRIBUTORS, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, AGENTS OR RESELLERS (COLLECTIVELY, THE "WEBTRENDS GROUP") BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE GITHUB SPACE, APPLICATIONS, BETA PRODUCTS AND ANY OTHER USER’S SUBMISSIONS OR DEVELOPER PRODUCTS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION. IN ADDITION, THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE WEBTRENDS GROUP FOR ANY CLAIMS ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS (US $100), WHICH THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS REPRESENT A REASONABLE ALLOCATION OF RISK UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. 
 
19. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT. The disclaimer of warranty, and limitation of damages set forth above are essential elements of the basis of the bargain between us and you. You agree that we would not be able to provide the GitHub Space or Applications on an economic basis without such limitations.
 
20. YOUR INDEMNITY. You shall indemnify, hold harmless and, at our request, defend us and/or our licensors, officers, directors, employees, affiliates, agents and representatives from and against any and all claims, liabilities, losses, damages, expenses and costs (including attorneys' fees and costs) relating to your breach of any provision under these Terms or otherwise arising out of a breach of these Terms, your use of the GitHub Space, Applications, Beta Products or other user’s Submissions or Developer Products including, but not limited to, any claim related to infringement or misappropriation of intellectual property rights, which includes but is not limited to, infringement by your Developer Product and/or any content contained therein (except to the extent such a claim is based solely on an unaltered Application). We shall give you prompt notice of any such claim made against us, and you and Webtrends shall cooperate in the defense of any such claim, suit or proceeding, including appeals, negotiations and any settlement or compromise thereof, provided that we must approve the terms of any settlement or compromise, and such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.
 
21. TERM, TERMINATION. We may terminate these Terms at any time, in our discretion, and with or without notice to you. You may terminate these Terms by ceasing use of the Applications, Beta Products or other user’s Submissions or Developer Products including without limitation by removing any and all Webtrends intellectual property from your Developer Products. You agree that once the Terms are terminated, your right to use the GitHub Space and all Applications, Beta Products or other user’s Developer Products terminates immediately. 
 
22. ELECTRONIC NOTICES. YOU AGREE TO TRANSACT WITH US ELECTRONICALLY. WE MAY PROVIDE NOTICES TO YOU ELECTRONICALLY (1) VIA E-MAIL IF YOU HAVE PROVIDED US WITH A VALID EMAIL ADDRESS OR (2) BY POSTING THE NOTICE ON A WEBSITE DESIGNATED BY US FOR THIS PURPOSE. The delivery of any Notice is effective when sent or posted by us, regardless of whether you read the Notice or actually receive delivery. You can withdraw your consent to receive Notices electronically by discontinuing your use of the GitHub Space.
 
23. INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. You acknowledge and agree that, notwithstanding any other provisions of these Terms, your breach or threatened breach of these Terms may cause us irreparable damage for which recovery of money damages might be inadequate and that we, therefore, may seek timely injunctive relief to protect our rights under these Terms in addition to any and all other remedies available at law or in equity.
 
24. NO SUPPORT BY WEBTRENDS. We have no obligation to provide support services for the Applications, Beta Products, other user’s Submissions or Developer Products or the GitHub Space, although we may do so in our sole discretion. We are under no obligation to provide you with any error corrections, updates, upgrades, bug fixes and/or enhancements of the Applications, Beta Products, other user’s Submissions or Developer Products or the GitHub Space. These Terms do not grant you any right to any version enhancement update, or to a continuous availability of the Applications or the Beta Products.
 
25. SURVIVAL. All terms that by their nature survive the termination of these Terms, shall continue to survive termination of these Terms.
 
26. JURISDICTION; VENUE. You agree that the laws of the State of Oregon govern these Terms and any claim or dispute that you may have against us, without regard to Oregon’s conflict of laws rules, and that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall have no applicability. You further agree that any disputes or claims that you may have against us will be resolved by a court located in Multnomah County, in the State of Oregon and you agree and submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim or action.
 
27. MISCELLANEOUS. These Terms constitutes the entire agreement between you and us concerning the subject matter of these Terms and the documents referenced in these Terms, which may only be modified by us. If any part of these Terms is held invalid or unenforceable, that part shall be construed to reflect the parties' original intent as nearly as practicable, and the remaining portions remain in full force and effect, or we may at its option instead terminate these Terms. The controlling language of these Terms is English. If you have received a translation into another language, it has been provided for your convenience only. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of these Terms or any breach thereof, in any one instance, shall not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may not assign or otherwise transfer by operation of law or otherwise these Terms or any rights or obligations herein. We may assign these Terms to any entity at its sole discretion. These Terms shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns. Neither party shall be in default or be liable for any delay, failure in performance or interruption of service resulting directly or indirectly from any cause beyond its reasonable control. Neither your access to, or use of, the GitHub Space, nor these Terms, create any partnership, joint venture or agency relationship between you and us.  Neither you nor Webtrends has the power to direct or control the day to day activities of the other or to create or assume any obligation on behalf of the other.

